readme.md, before:

# Angular-gettext TodoMVC Example

> This is an example of how to use [angular-gettext](http://angular-gettext.rocketeer.be/), based on [TodoMVC](http://todomvc.com/).

Things to watch out for:

* Added `angular-gettext` to `bower.json`.
* Added a `Gruntfile` to extract and compile translations.
* Added a language switcher.
* Annotated the views to add translation support.
* Added translations in the `po` folder.

Full usage instructions can be found at [http://angular-gettext.rocketeer.be/](http://angular-gettext.rocketeer.be/).

---

Original README below:

# AngularJS TodoMVC Example

> HTML is great for declaring static documents, but it falters when we try to use it for declaring dynamic views in web-applications. AngularJS lets you extend HTML vocabulary for your application. The resulting environment is extraordinarily expressive, readable, and quick to develop.

> _[AngularJS - angularjs.org](http://angularjs.org)_


## Learning AngularJS
The [AngularJS website](http://angularjs.org) is a great resource for getting started.

Here are some links you may find helpful:

* [Tutorial](http://docs.angularjs.org/tutorial)
* [API Reference](http://docs.angularjs.org/api)
* [Developer Guide](http://docs.angularjs.org/guide)
* [Applications built with AngularJS](http://builtwith.angularjs.org)
* [Blog](http://blog.angularjs.org)
* [FAQ](http://docs.angularjs.org/misc/faq)
* [AngularJS Meetups](http://www.youtube.com/angularjs)

Articles and guides from the community:

* [Code School AngularJS course](http://www.codeschool.com/code_tv/angularjs-part-1)
* [5 Awesome AngularJS Features](http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/javascript-ajax/5-awesome-angularjs-features)
* [Using Yeoman with AngularJS](http://briantford.com/blog/angular-yeoman.html)
* [me&ngular - an introduction to MVW](http://stephenplusplus.github.io/meangular)

Get help from other AngularJS users:

* [Walkthroughs and Tutorials on YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1w1q3fL4pmgqpzb-XhG7Clgi67d_OHXz)
* [Google Groups mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/angular)
* [angularjs on Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/angularjs)
* [AngularJS on Twitter](https://twitter.com/angularjs)
* [AngularjS on Google +](https://plus.google.com/+AngularJS/posts)

_If you have other helpful links to share, or find any of the links above no longer work, please [let us know](https://github.com/tastejs/todomvc/issues)._

Commit message:

Switch to PatternConsulting/bower-angular.

readme.md, after:

# Angular-gettext TodoMVC Example

> This is an example of how to use [angular-gettext](http://angular-gettext.rocketeer.be/), based on [TodoMVC](http://todomvc.com/).

Things to watch out for:

* Added `angular-gettext` to `bower.json`.
* Added a `Gruntfile` to extract and compile translations.
* Added a language switcher.
* Annotated the views to add translation support.
* Added translations in the `po` folder.

Full usage instructions can be found at [http://angular-gettext.rocketeer.be/](http://angular-gettext.rocketeer.be/).

Note: This example uses the `PatternConsulting/bower-angular` bower repository, to be able to use Angular.JS `1.1.*`.

---

Original README below:

# AngularJS TodoMVC Example

> HTML is great for declaring static documents, but it falters when we try to use it for declaring dynamic views in web-applications. AngularJS lets you extend HTML vocabulary for your application. The resulting environment is extraordinarily expressive, readable, and quick to develop.

> _[AngularJS - angularjs.org](http://angularjs.org)_


## Learning AngularJS
The [AngularJS website](http://angularjs.org) is a great resource for getting started.

Here are some links you may find helpful:

* [Tutorial](http://docs.angularjs.org/tutorial)
* [API Reference](http://docs.angularjs.org/api)
* [Developer Guide](http://docs.angularjs.org/guide)
* [Applications built with AngularJS](http://builtwith.angularjs.org)
* [Blog](http://blog.angularjs.org)
* [FAQ](http://docs.angularjs.org/misc/faq)
* [AngularJS Meetups](http://www.youtube.com/angularjs)

Articles and guides from the community:

* [Code School AngularJS course](http://www.codeschool.com/code_tv/angularjs-part-1)
* [5 Awesome AngularJS Features](http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/javascript-ajax/5-awesome-angularjs-features)
* [Using Yeoman with AngularJS](http://briantford.com/blog/angular-yeoman.html)
* [me&ngular - an introduction to MVW](http://stephenplusplus.github.io/meangular)

Get help from other AngularJS users:

* [Walkthroughs and Tutorials on YouTube](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1w1q3fL4pmgqpzb-XhG7Clgi67d_OHXz)
* [Google Groups mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups#!forum/angular)
* [angularjs on Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/angularjs)
* [AngularJS on Twitter](https://twitter.com/angularjs)
* [AngularjS on Google +](https://plus.google.com/+AngularJS/posts)

_If you have other helpful links to share, or find any of the links above no longer work, please [let us know](https://github.com/tastejs/todomvc/issues)._
